Add instructions for deploying to maincloud (#167)
clockworklabs/spacetime-docs: docs/deploying/maincloud.md

# SpacetimeDB Cloud Deployment

The SpacetimeDB Cloud is a managed cloud service that provides developers an easy way to deploy their SpacetimeDB apps to the cloud.

## Deploy via CLI

> 1. Install the SpacetimeDB CLI and create your module (see [Getting Started](/docs/getting-started))

Author: Personally I prefer not to manually maintain this numbering since it's nonfunctional for the rendered doc. The way I think about it is that `1.` is the equivalent of `-`/`*` but for numbered lists. I don't feel strongly about it.

> 1. Install the SpacetimeDB CLI and create your module (see [Getting Started](/docs/getting-started))

Author: (I did the other part)

> 1. Publish to maincloud:

Author: (see above)

> 1. Publish to maincloud:

Reviewer: I concur with @bfops on this one. It's a little bit more maintainable to just have `1.` although tbf markdown does the "right thing"with `1. 2. 4.`

```bash
spacetime publish -s maincloud my-cool-module
```

> ## Connecting your Identity to the Web Dashboard

Reviewer 2: I would document (maybe Tyler can comment as well):

1. If I deploy a module with some name `my-example-module` how do I bring this module up on the dashboard?
2. Is there any way in the dashboard to check to see if the module is running or suspended? How do you check this? How do you pause the module?
3. At the bottom of this document should we have like a "Next Step: explore the dashboard" or is there something we should recommend that users look at next?

Author: If someone else can add this content (like Tyler), they're definitely welcome to. I don't have this content in my knowledge centers post-great-web-rework, though. I can add the link if that's desirable.

Author: @jdetter how about we create a followup ticket for this for Tyler's input?

Reviewer 3: Created follow-up ticket #201 .

Reviewer: 1. If you deploy a module with some name `my-example-module` you can either:

- Navigate to your profile where you'll see a list of all of your modules. You can go to your profile at any of `/`, `/profile` `/@your-username`.

or

- Navigate to `/my-example-module` directly.

2. There is no way to see if a module is running or suspended, however it should be noted that going to the dashboard will connect a user and thus will start it running if it wasn't. There is currently no way to pause module execution, although I have it on my list of nice-to-haves for the website. Will do asap after the release I think.

3. Definitely that would be good to do, although I think that should maybe come later.

# Deploy to Maincloud

Maincloud is a managed cloud service that provides developers an easy way to deploy their SpacetimeDB apps to the cloud.

## Deploy via CLI

1. Install the SpacetimeDB CLI for your platform: [Install SpacetimeDB](/install)
1. Create your module (see [Getting Started](/docs/getting-started))

> 1. Publish to maincloud:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Publish to Maincloud:
```

NIT: I've been styling it with a capital M in branding, but `maincloud` in monospace fonts.

```bash
spacetime publish -s maincloud my-cool-module
```

## Connecting your Identity to the Web Dashboard

By logging in your CLI via spacetimedb.com, you can view your published modules on the web dashboard.

If you did not log in with spacetimedb.com when publishing your module, you can log in by running:
```bash

> spacetime logout

Reviewer: Will `logout` be a no-op if they haven't logged in at all and run it?

Reviewer 3: ```sh
[phoebe@phoebe-framework:~/clockworklabs/spacetime-docs]$ spacetime logout
   Compiling spacetimedb-cli v1.0.0-rc4 (/home/phoebe/clockworklabs/SpacetimeDB/crates/cli)
   Compiling spacetimedb-update v1.0.0-rc4 (/home/phoebe/clockworklabs/SpacetimeDB/crates/update)
    Finished `dev` profile [unoptimized + debuginfo] target(s) in 9.66s
    Finished `dev` profile [unoptimized + debuginfo] target(s) in 0.21s
     Running `/home/phoebe/clockworklabs/SpacetimeDB/target/debug/spacetimedb-cli logout`
Saving config to /home/phoebe/.config/spacetime/cli.toml.

[phoebe@phoebe-framework:~/clockworklabs/spacetime-docs]$ spacetime logout
    Finished `dev` profile [unoptimized + debuginfo] target(s) in 0.20s
    Finished `dev` profile [unoptimized + debuginfo] target(s) in 0.21s
     Running `/home/phoebe/clockworklabs/SpacetimeDB/target/debug/spacetimedb-cli logout`
Saving config to /home/phoebe/.config/spacetime/cli.toml.

[phoebe@phoebe-framework:~/clockworklabs/spacetime-docs]$ spacetime logout
    Finished `dev` profile [unoptimized + debuginfo] target(s) in 0.20s
    Finished `dev` profile [unoptimized + debuginfo] target(s) in 0.19s
     Running `/home/phoebe/clockworklabs/SpacetimeDB/target/debug/spacetimedb-cli logout`
Saving config to /home/phoebe/.config/spacetime/cli.toml.
```
Yep!

Author: Good to know.. but either way they can't publish without logging in. They just get the choice to either log into spacetimedb.com or log in to the server. But either way they're "logged in" as far as the CLI is concerned.

spacetime login
```

1. Open the SpacetimeDB website and log in using your GitHub login.

> 1. You should now be able to see your published modules on the web dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You should now be able to see your published modules by navigating to your profile on the website.
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. You should now be able to see your published modules [by navigating to your profile on the website](/profile).
```

---

> With SpacetimeDB Cloud, you benefit from automatic scaling, robust security, and the convenience of not having to manage the hosting environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With SpacetimeDB Maincloud, you benefit from automatic scaling, robust security, and the convenience of not having to manage the hosting environment.
```
